All right, so we've now got some data showing up in a nice formatted way in our table.
However, if we jump back over to our controller.
I will remind you that, though we have this data here, it's just really hard coded data right here,
right?
And we haven't really started implementing proper crud functionality.
And by that, I mean, like, you know, a database.
So now I get to show you how to do this.
So let's see here.
First off, let me open back up the File Explorer pain or whatever this thing is called the Project
Pain.
Hear me make that a little better sized.
OK?
There we go.
All right.
So if I minimize a few things here, I want to kind of show you the structure that I have kind of been
driving towards.
So we've got web things that relate to our presentation layer under the web package.
Although although right now until is kind of grouping up the controller under the web.
And you know what, I just realized we're missing the formatter.
You know what?
I think I put the format.
Yeah, I did.
I put that under controller.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to do that.
It doesn't matter, really, but I didn't mean to do that.
Let me change that real quick.
OK, so we've got our presentation stuff under Webb.
And then we've got our business logic stuff undercut this, and again, it's kind of just concatenating
the business model because right now, model is the only package that we have under the bill's package.
OK, so it's just putting those together.
And now we're going to introduce the third part of our three tier architecture.
And that is the data, right?
So I'm going to introduce another package here and just call it data.
Now I'm going to remind you again, in real life, I've never actually created package structures that
were this explicitly named with web data, and because there's nothing wrong with it, but it's just
not a typical thing that I will have ever done, nor have I seen it really done on teams.
I'm really just doing this for you so that you can more easily see that web related code goes under
the web package.
Business data related or business logic related code goes under bills, and now the data related code
will go under data.
That's the only reason I'm doing this, just to make it a little more clear to you about those delineations
of where the code belongs.
And believe me, when I tell you that I've worked with developers who've been at it for a long, long
time, 10 years, 20 years or whatever who, I'm convinced still don't have any idea about three tier
architecture or architecture of any kind, or, for that matter, and have little to no concept of where
code does belong and does not belong.
OK.
And so again, that's why I'm being fairly explicit with you.
By the way, this isn't a bad thing to do.
It's just not something I've ever seen people typically do.
I'm sure somebody somewhere in the world does this, though.
All right.
But I don't want to give you the impression that this is a standard to name your packages this way.
It is a standard to keep your code in the right places, but not necessarily quite this explicitly named
in terms of web data and business logic or something like that.
OK?
So what we are going to make here under data is a repository.
All right.
But so we've we've played with repository pattern a little bit now, but now we're going to do it using
the spring data framework and this will be somewhat familiar and totally alien to you at the same time.
So just watch what I'm going to do here.
So under the data package, I'm going to make a new Java class and this will be a repository for the
person class.
OK, so I'm going to call it person repository.
However, I'm about to go in a different direction from what you're used to already.
Rather than creating a class, I'm actually going to create an interface.
And by the way, you may have seen you may have noticed this little get message popping up, you're
probably not getting that and don't worry about it.
This is just for me.
I've decided for this module that I will attempt to track all of my changes per each lesson.
So that way, when you guys, if and when you guys want to go into GitHub and see the code that I was
writing, you'd actually be able to follow along from each lesson, like the way the code looked at
the end of each lesson rather than what I've been putting into GitHub up until now, which is kind of
like the final way that it looks because I wasn't tracking each of my individual changes.
Okay?
So you can ignore this little message that keeps popping up.
But whenever I create a new file, the ID is asking me, Hey, do you want me to track this new file?
Forget.
So yes, I'm doing that, but you can ignore that.
OK, so I've got this new interface for a person repository, and I'm going to have it extend an interface
that comes with spring data, which is crud repository.
And that looks kind of familiar, doesn't it?
Now this is a generic interface, and so I can actually pass in two generic types.
The first will be the type of the domain model class that I want this repository to be responsible for
or work with, and that would be our person class.
The other type, though, which I will separate with a comma.
I might as well go and import that person class now.
The second type will be the data type of the ID property of the person class.
OK.
So that would be, in my case, long.
And then I need to annotate this interface so that when spring is starting up or in this case, spring
data is starting up.
It can scan through all of the classes that I have here, and it will find this interface and know that
it should treat this interface as an actual data repository.
OK?
And then it'll do all kinds of magic for me.
So to do that, I will use another annotation of the spring framework, which is at repository like
So now guess what?
That's all I have to do to make a repository with full crud capabilities.
I really am not writing any actual code, not any real implementation code.
I get a bunch of functionality for free just by doing this.
And that's why I've been eluding all along that the spring data framework is kind of magic.
All right.
Now that's not enough to make all of this work, though.
I need to go into the person class now and I need to make a few little alterations here.
Now, do you remember in Section 12, we created a custom interface that allowed us to flag which property
was our ID property?
You remember doing that?
Well, the spring data framework has a similar capability, and actually it has somewhat of a necessity.
In fact, we have to flag which property is being used for our IDs in in this framework.
So we will do it pretty much the same way that we did in Section 12 because I essentially was inspired
by the way that spring data works.
OK.
So we will use an ID annotation, and I will import this annotation from the Java export persistence
framework.
OK.
All right.
Now I also, though, will add one more annotation to this ID field, and that is an annotation so that
I can tell spring data that I want the IDs to be generated in the database.
So another thing that we won't have to do now that we are using spring data in this way is we will not
actually have to define and create the tables in the database spring data.
Working in conjunction with an underlying framework which is called hibernate, which actually does
all the real work in this case, those two frameworks will work together to actually analyze the Java
class here and translate that Java class into D-Del. database definition language commands to create
tables for any classes that we want to be able to utilize with the spring data framework.
OK.
So basically, it's going to analyze this class and see that we've got an ID field of type long, and
it will translate that into a into an integer or something like that.
And it'll translate the first name field into a VAR car with a default length of probably 255 or something
like that.
And it'll also name the columns based on these names.
OK, now we can override all of those default behaviors, but if we don't overwrite anything, it really
is very sensible.
All values, OK.
But we do want the database to generate these IDs for us, just as we did back in Section 12.
I don't know if you remember, but when we were creating our people table, we specified that we wanted
the ID column to be a primary key and to be forgot what the term auto auto numbered or something like
that.
OK, so we can do something equivalent here, but in Java code, and the way to do that is with an ad
generated value annotation like so.
And that's all we need there.
And then one more thing that will need now in order to let spring data know that this class, the person
class should be one of the classes that we'll be using with spring data and hibernate the underlying
framework that actually does all the talking to the database.
Really, we need to annotate this class.
So just as we annotated our repository class with an app repository annotation, we need to annotate
this class with an at entity annotation again coming from the Java persistence package.
All right.
Now, as soon as I did that, I got Red Squiggly under the class name here.
And the reason is because it's complaining that hey entities are required to have a public or protected
no ARG constructor.
Now, some of you who are very astute may be thinking, OK, so it's saying that you need to have a
But Terry, didn't you say that when you put this Lombok at data annotation on a class, one of the
things that you get is a default no ARG constructor and those of you who thought that would be correct.
Yes, I did say that when you use the data annotation, you get a No ARG default constructor from Lombok.
It will generate it.
However, when we decided to programmatically create a list of people, I'll show you that real quick
in the controller right here.
I wanted a constructor that would allow us to specify all the properties in the constructor.
OK?
And to get that capability, I added in the all args constructor from Lombok.
And as soon as I did that, that overrode the No ARG default constructor functionality from Lombok.
So now if I want both an all args constructor and a no ARG constructor, I have to explicitly say that.
OK, so now I can put in a no args constructor annotation as well.
And now I get both.
No, our constructor end the all args constructor and now that little red squiggly went away.
OK, so that's just how Lombok is working.
OK.
So we're all good with that.
Now, let's jump over to that controller again.
So now that we've got database stuff set up more or less, we don't need to be hard coding these people
in the controller such that every time a request comes in to this controller, we end up creating all
these people brand new and sticking them into this model.
We don't have to be doing this now in this controller method.
We could just put all of this data into the database once ideally and every time a request comes in,
we could just query the database to give us all of the people and then put all of those people into
the model.
So the main thing that I'm saying that we'll do differently, perhaps, is we don't have to create this
list explicitly every time we have a request come in as we're doing now, we can put all of this into
the database and then just query the database for it.
OK.
However, we need a way to get this data into the database quickly and easily.
And there are a couple of ways to do that.
We're going to do what I think will be the easiest way first and maybe only.
And I think the the second way I will only talk about, but I don't think I'm going to do it, OK.
So what I'm going to do is I think I'm going to copy all of this code right here where we're creating
this list.
Just going to copy all of that.
Then I'm going to open back up the project pain, and I think I'm going to create another class under
the data package.
OK, some of the highlight data new Java package, and I'm going to call this person data loader.
OK, now this will be an actual class enter.
And sure, I will add that and then let me close that pane there.
All right.
Now this class, I'm going to have it implement another special interface of the spring framework.
So I'm going to say implements.
And this will be application runner.
All right.
And I'm getting red squiggles because it's an interface and I need to implement a method or two of it,
and I think it only has one method that we have to implement and that is the one right there run.
OK.
All right.
So now all the red marks went away.
Now let me tell you what an application runner is.
A class that is implementing a spring application runner interface will be called by the spring framework.
Whenever your application starts up now won't get called immediately as soon as the application starts
up, but real soon after that, because spring needs to do a lot of setting up of other of a lot of
things.
OK, but when spring is done doing all of its set up stuff, it will then immediately call any classes
that you register with it as an application runner.
And that will give us an opportunity to do some, some set up type things.
OK.
And the setup thing that I want to do here is to load our people data into the database if that data
isn't already there.
OK.
So this is going to allow us to do that.
So the way we will do this is a couple of things.
First off, we're going to make a field on this class and the field that we're going to put here is
going to be a reference to our person repository.
OK, so we're going to make a private person repository filled and we'll just call it person repository
like, so then we will make a constructor.
I will let the idea generate the constructor for us.
So I do that a command in here constructor.
And it's saying, Hey, do you want to have this constructor depend on an instance of the person repository?
And yes, I do want that.
And I'll tell you why in just a moment.
All right, so there's our person repository.
Now, the reason I want this constructor here is because when spring sees a class like this, which
I want to register with, Spring Spring will see this constructor here and it will see that this constructor
requires an instance of a person repository to be passed in, and spring will check its own internal
registry of beans.
Remember, I mentioned about beans, I think in the last lesson.
So all of the interesting classes that spring has to manage and maintain, which are generally called
beans.
Spring maintains a collection of all those beans internally.
OK.
And so when one bean says that it requires an instance of another bean spring will say, Oh, I have
an instance of a person repository in my registry.
Why don't I inject an instance of the person repository into your class here?
And so spring will actually give us an instance of this person repository?
Remember, I also mentioned in Section 12, I think in the last lesson, in fact, that when we started
using spring, you would see that you rarely will use the new operator to create a lot of things.
Now, of course, we're going to use it to create the people instances, but those people instances
are not maintained or managed by spring.
But any classes that are managed or maintained by the spring framework, you generally won't be creating
new instances of those in most cases.
There's one case that I can think of where you might sometimes do it, but I don't even know that we
will need to do that in this entire section.
All right.
So anyway, that's what this constructor is here for.
It's basically the kind of tell spring, Hey, I want you to give me an instance of your person repository
after you've made one.
OK, that's me talking to spring.
All right.
So then down here in the run method, this is where you get to do whatever you want when once spring
is done, starting up essentially.
So what I'm going to do down here is paste.
All of this person stuff right here.
OK, so we've got this collection of people that we were creating.
All right.
And then what I'm going to do right after we've created that collection or that list, I'm going to
reference the person repository.
And I'm going to call a method on it.
Save all.
So it's got this method, save all that takes something of type enterable.
And let's see what happens here if I reference people, look at that.
So our people variable is a list of people and the list interface is also editable.
And if we jump into the list interface itself, we see that it extends collection.
And then if we jump into collection, look at that collection extends adorable, OK?
So that just means something that can be iterated over or counted over or looped over whatever.
OK, so lists are adorable.
OK.
Let me close that and that and that is why we can pass our list of people into the save all method here.
OK, the the save all method that we didn't have to write or implement, we're just getting it for free.
OK.
Some of you may very well be wondering, by the way, let's see if we jump in to the person repository
here.
Whoops.
I didn't mean to do that.
I meant to go here.
Yeah.
How is it that this will even work since there's just an interface here?
I'm not going to go real deep.
I'll just say this.
So what the spring framework will do in this case is it will dynamically create an implementation of
this interface at runtime, meaning when the application actually starts up, the spring data framework
will introspect what we are wanting to do with this interface.
It will see all of the inherited methods here, and it will create implementations of all of those standard
methods.
So a little bit kind of like what we did in our Section 12 credit repository, except we wrote all of
our implementation code before we were running the application.
But it is possible in Java to dynamically write code programmatically if you really know what you're
doing and then have that code actually, like, usable.
OK.
And so the spring data framework actually does that OK?
It actually writes the code from from templates, basically from boilerplate templates that it kind
of has, but it actually writes the implementation code for us in real time.
OK.
So I think that's about as deep as I want to go into that in this in this course.
All right, so that would save all of our people right there.
Now a couple other things that we're going to want to do, though we won't want to be passing in these
IDs because they're going to be generated for us.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to shift into the column selection mode so that I can select
just columns right here just like that.
Remember that, and I'm going to replace all of this with null.
And then a hit escape, and then I will get out of column selection mode by just doing a shift command
eight again.
All right.
So now all of those will be null, which will let springs, Appa and hibernate know that the database
should be responsible for filling these in and not us.
OK.
That's what that will do.
And let's see, what else do I want to do?
Oh yeah.
And then the other thing I would like to do is to make the saving of this data conditional.
OK, so I don't want to do this if I have any records already in the database.
This is just like if you are first starting up the application and you don't have any people records
in the database at all.
Then go ahead and initialize the database with some data that first time OK.
So a way that we could do that.
And actually, I mean, I guess we could go ahead and just protect all of this from even running.
OK.
So one way that we could do that is we can do an option command T to surround this with an f block like.
So and then I'm thinking we can call a person repository dot.
Count.
And we can say something like if the count equals zero, then do all of this.
So in other words, if there are already records in the person table, then don't do any of this right
because we don't need the help at that point.
All right.
So really this this bit of code here should only run the one time, in essence.
So now let's jump back over to the controller.
And we should be able to get rid of that.
Now I know that that's read and we will take care of that in just a moment.
But we're getting getting rid of that there now.
I think I'm going to actually introduce you to another little bit of functionality of the spring framework
now.
So what we're going to do is we're going to introduce one more method here.
Now we don't have to do this, but I just kind of want to show you a little bit more of the spring frameworks
functionality.
All right.
So actually, first thing we'll do is let's rename this method slightly.
So I'm going to do a shift of six.
And we're going to rename this method to show people.
Page.
Let's do that.
OK.
At step one and you'll see why I'm doing that in just a moment.
Then here we're going to make a new method.
It's going to be public and it's going to return and adorable.
Of person class, okay, and then I will import the person class again.
And now this will be called get people like so.
OK.
And then we're going to make a private field of the people controller, class of type person control,
I'm sorry of of type of type person repository, just like we did in our runner application runner.
And also, just as we did in the application runner, we will go ahead and create a constructor here
that will take that instance of the person repository.
So in other words, I want this controller to depend on the person repository.
OK.
Also so that down here.
We can do this return person repository, Dot, find all.
And that will find all of the records that are in the person table or people table.
All right.
Now, one last thing we need to do here is put an annotation on here, so we're going to use an annotation.
Yeah, model attribute and we will pass in a name of people like Sir, then down here, now we can get
rid of this model attribute and just return the name people.
So we're going to run this real quick.
And then I will explain everything in a little bit more detail.
And I think, let's see here.
Maybe one more thing we want to do is jump back over to the data loader and I don't know, let's change
a few names just so that we make sure that something actually changed here.
OK?
So let's make.
Pete and Jennifer and Mark.
And let's put some, some, some different countries names in here.
This new.
This new McGuire, that's a that's an interesting combination of name, and I don't know.
Alice and Akira.
That's an interesting combination to a Japanese first name and a Korean last name.
All right.
So I just wanted some different data here.
OK, so let's let's restart the application and see if I broke anything.
Hmm, interesting, OK.
Getting nothing back.
All right.
Let's see why.
So let's jump back over to the controller.
Oh, and I already know and I know what I forgot to do.
We're going to jump back over to the data loader and I kept thinking, Yeah, I need to do this, but
I want to hold off on it until I'm done.
And then by the time I was done doing everything else in here, I totally forgot about it.
So we need one last thing in here, which is we need to put an annotation up here and we'll just put
an at component annotations so that again, when the spring framework is is starting up and it's scanning
through all the classes looking for interesting classes, it will see that this is one of the classes
that it should consider to be interesting because it has this at component annotation on it.
OK.
So without that spring, we'll just ignore this this class, OK?
All right, there we go.
I think that took a second to to load up, though.
I got a little confused with what I was seeing there, but there we go.
We've got our data there now.
OK.
So yeah, we needed to just register this data loader as a component.
And in fact, if I restart again, we shouldn't see additional records here because this code should
not run again.
So let me restart that.
OK, cool.
So, yeah, so now our data is actually coming from the database itself.
Now another thing you may be wondering is, Terry, we didn't see you set up any data ABC, bcu, URL
or point to a database or any of that kind of stuff.
How is there a database and how how can you prove that there's a database here at all?
Great question.
So spring boot, the whole entire framework is kind of magical, OK?
And one of the things that the spring boot framework tries to do is that it tries to favor convention
over configuration.
And what that means is it tries to figure out what your intent is or what you're intending to do with
your code without you having to explicitly configure every single thing all the time.
OK.
So in our case, spring boot, when it is starting up with spring, it sees that we have imported the
H2 database library into our project.
Let me just remind you of that.
If we go into our build.gradle file here, we specified that one of our dependencies.
Should be the H2 database right there.
OK.
And so right away, spring boot nodes are OK.
He has imported the H2 database and this is me talking like spring boot for a minute, Spring Boot says
I know that the H2 database is often used as a quick way to just get some code working with some kind
of database.
And oftentimes just the simple, in-memory database, in fact.
OK, so Spring Boot says if I find the H2 Database Library as a dependency in the class path of this
project, and if I don't see any explicit configuration anywhere where the developer has told me where
to connect to and how to connect, I will assume that I should just make a very simple default database
instance and connect to that and make that connection available to everything that I control that has
anything at all to do with databases slightly like our repository.
So without me having to configure anything at all, I get a connection to a default in-memory database
right off the bat.
No in-memory database.
That's something that I didn't show you in the infection.
12.
But H2 has the ability to store its database in memory instead of in a file.
Now, the reason we didn't play with that functionality in Section 12 was because in order to make use
of an in-memory database, you'd have to also have code that is explicitly creating all your tables
and the structures within the database.
Presumably every single time the application starts up, and I didn't want us to have to write all of
that code as well, where we're spitting out D-Del. and then and then populating all the data.
And it also means with an in-memory database that every time your applications and stops and then restarts,
you no longer have any data, OK?
So it's great for quick little things like what we're doing here, but it's not as good if you're trying
to make like a real application.
OK?
But by default, that's what we're using right now is just an easy, in-memory database from H2 and
spring boot.
Did all of that for us.
And that's one of the tricks that spring boot can do that the regular spring framework would not do.
The regular spring framework doesn't assume any of those kinds of things.
You have to explicitly configure everything.
Spring Boot says I want you to be able to be highly productive with minimal configuration, and you
shouldn't be forced to configure anything until you actually need to.
OK.
All right.
So last thing I want to do now because I promised I would do this and I was almost about to forget again,
is to just walk through a little bit more of what's going on in this program now.
So let me go back over to the controller mostly.
I mean, look at what's happening in the controller here.
All right.
So let's see here.
Let me explain a few things now that I don't think I explained explicitly before starting at the top
here.
So we're marking our people controller as the controller.
And and now I think you may understand that this controller is similar to the at component and the app
repository.
It's just telling spring, Hey, here's an interesting class that I want you to register and manage.
OK.
So and specifically though, if it's a controller, then that means it has to do with web stuff.
OK?
The next annotation request mapping people.
This is telling spring MVC that in general, any requests that come into this application from the web
with the resource of slash people should be mapped to this class.
This people controller so I could have other controllers that map to other resources.
OK, so I could have a controller that maps to slash cars or slash homes or whatever.
OK.
And so in the browser, if I want my request to be handled by this class, which is annotated with this
request mapping slash people, then I have to put a slash people in the URL here and order for those
requests to come here.
OK, so that's what this is doing.
This is saying, Hey, I will answer any requests that are directed to slash people.
OK.
All right.
Let's see.
Then here's our interface.
The spring framework will inject any instance of this type person repository that it knows about into
this class automatically.
Now you may see a lot of code on the internet that looks like this auto wired.
OK, this is superfluous, but it will work.
This tells Spring explicitly.
Spring.
Go find any instances of type person repository that you happen to be managing and inject them into
this constructor.
That's what this means.
But even without this spring's default behavior these days, it's to go ahead and perform that injection
anyway.
If you have a constructor that has a data type that it knows about, and if that's the only constructor
you have there, OK.
Alternatively, I also could have done an at auto wired like this, and then I actually could have even
gotten rid of this constructor here, and this would still work in this case.
Spring would use some fancy trickery and force an instance of the person repository directly into this
field because I had this auto wired annotation here and we did a little bit of this trickery ourselves
in section 12 when we were populating the IDE fields of our person class using our own framework.
I'm not going to you can go back and look at that if you don't know what I'm talking about.
But that was the way that we were able to populate the ID field of an instance of a person.
We use the reflection API and forced the values into that field.
That's essentially what spring is doing if you use the auto wired annotation in this way.
But again, we don't need this.
We can just create a constructor and have spring.
Do it this way.
Now what's the difference between these two approaches?
Well, functionally they're the same, but conceptually there is a difference and that that conception
is the fact that in fact, let me let me on on.
Let me uncomment that and I'm going to get rid of this.
Conceptually, the difference is the fact that when we say that our people comptroller has a constructor
that requires this instance of people of person repository, we are really saying that you shouldn't
be allowed to even create an instance of a controller without having a person repository.
OK, so it's a conceptual thing.
I don't I don't want controllers to exist.
Are I don't want the people controller to exist unless I have a valid repository.
OK, person repository for it.
OK, so I'm just more tightly establishing the dependency relationship between a people controller and
the person repository.
Whereas if I did not do it this way and I just put the auto wired up here and I told Spring that, hey,
you're allowed to to to inject a person repository in here.
That would mean that it is valid to create an instance of the people controller, even if something
maybe kind of went a little bit wrong with the person repository or something like that.
Although I think actually spring would still complain if it tried to create a person repository and
it couldn't because like there was no valid database or something like that.
But conceptually, this is what I mean here.
All right.
Now this bit here.
Get people, so I'm going to skip over this for just a second, and I'm going to address this a little
bit more.
And then this will make more sense in relation.
OK, so this get mapping here annotation relates to those core HTTP operations that I talked about earlier,
likely get and post.
And there are some others there's put and delete and things of that sort.
But the main two ones that you'll see most often in many cases are especially for web applications are
get or post OK.
So what this is saying is if a request comes addressed for the people resource and that request is a
get request, OK?
Meaning using the HTTP get verb or get operation, let this method here.
Handle that request.
So this method would be called when we do something like local hosts 80 slash people.
This is the method that's going to get called.
OK, now the return type of string.
What this is saying is it should respond by showing a view called people.
Now the view for people is going to relate to, and you can probably guess our template over here called
people dot html.
So by default, whatever string we return from these handler methods, if you want to call it that because
it handles, because it's handling the request that came in, whatever string we return from here will
try to be matched up with a template over here in the Templates folder.
OK, that is the default behavior of spring in DC.
And let me also mention now spring in DC, the MVC and spring in DC actually stands for Model View Controller.
That is a standard design pattern that again, is one of these patterns that has kind of been evolved
over years by really smart developers who realized that whenever you're working with graphical user
interfaces, it's often a good idea to have something called a model where you can put your data in
and then you can pass that model onto the view, where the View can then extract data out of that model
and then use it to present information to a user on a screen.
And you'll have something called a controller, which controls all of that interaction, essentially.
OK, so spring in DC.
So we've got our controller here, we've got our model here and now here as well.
And then we've got our view, which is this thing here which relates to this HTML file over here, this
template file, OK?
So by returning the string people, we are telling spring in DC, Hey, when you're done running this
method on your way out the door, go load up this template over here and then take whatever data was
put into the model and use that data to fill in your template.
OK, now the last thing I want to talk about is this method here.
When you have a method that is annotated in spring in B.C. with this ATN model attribute annotation,
that method will actually run before this handler method here.
OK.
And so what's going to happen?
Let me make some room again.
And so what's going to happen is first, this method is going to get called by spring in B.C. before
this method does.
Oh, and sorry, I put a little debugging stuff in here when I was trying to understand why this wasn't
working.
So let me delete that now.
I don't need that.
OK.
All right.
So this will get called first.
And in this particular case, whatever comes out of this method, which would be an adorable of people,
whatever comes out of this method will automatically be stored in the model just like we were doing
originally.
It'll get stored in the model and it'll be stored in that model with this key of people.
OK, so this is really just another way of doing what we had before when we were doing, you know,
the model and attribute people comma.
And then we in fact, I could even do it this way.
I could even do that.
So that is calling this now.
Of course, if I were going to do this, then I should really get rid of this attribute here, because
that would be ambiguous if I didn't.
All right.
But but this is equivalent to this.
OK, now why would you want one or the other?
Well, the real reason I introduced this to you was just to show you another way of doing this so that
I can teach you a little bit more about spring and spring in B.C..
However, oftentimes you'll have pages that have a lot of like reference data that needs to be filled
in, like dropdown options on a page or things like that.
And if those options are coming from a database, for example, then you might want to just have a model
attribute annotated method for each of those options.
There's a lot of ways you could do that, or even just one method that grabs all of it, although I
think that would be a little worse to do something like that.
So that's just another way that you could do all of this and separate those kinds of fields and dynamic
data from the heart of whatever it is that you're wanting to do with your handler method.
OK.
So I'm going to delete this.
And one more thing now, since I now have this model attribute annotated method here, I actually do
not need this anymore because the only reason that was there was so that I could do the equivalent of
this.
And now I don't need that.
So if I restart.
Yeah.
Everything still works, I haven't broken anything.
And now this get mapping is really, really lean and lightweight, not doing anything because really
all of the big stuff is happening up here now.
OK.
All right.
So I think that is more than enough to explain for now.
So we'll flesh out some more cool functionality in the next lesson.
So I will see you there.